this sound says more than a thousand words
He is back the reissue of the Audi R8
The city of Ingolstadt is already visually appealing
super athletes sharper than ever
lightweight and aerodynamic
the r8 improves yet again
We are especially looking forward to the heart
the 52 liter v10 medium engine despite
his super athlete gene gives himself up
interior anything but spartan
Look out from the fine sport leather seats
we are on audis new virtual cockpit
a real eye-catcher on the sports steering wheel
find buttons for settings
Chassis engine and gear and
Of course the start button is our blood pressure
increases
never before has a series of audi been so close to
racing we notice that already on the
first meters the r8 is not only
lighter and stiffer but
sticks thanks to the advanced
four-wheel drive xwd even better on the
asphalt the soundscape of the after
is speeds in yawing woman 10
tremendously so much power but also
you have to drive out properly
already on a race track
we switch to sports mode and on
it's
the handling of the r8 is fantastic the
traction perfect the acceleration
Brilliant at the end of the day we can
then still audis new laser due
test the night almost back to the day